Update README.md (#6)
hgrsd/deputy: README.md

deputy --base-url http://localhost:8080/v1 # Custom API endpoint
deputy --config ./my-config.md             # Use custom configuration file
# ollama, you need to set OPENAI_API_KEY to some fake value (not an empty string)
deputy --provider open-ai --base-url http://localhost:11434/v1 --model gpt-oss:20b

> deputy --provider ollama  # this respenct the OLLAMA_HOST env var, doen't need OPENAI_API_KEY set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
deputy --provider ollama  # this respects the OLLAMA_HOST env var and doesn't need OPENAI_API_KEY set
```
